Playtesting Frail Future
can glitch through walls


Kody Fike
screen resolution wrong on start up
really like the menu
loading cube  is cool
like to have subtitles
bee able to skip dialogue

Andrew Velez
Either way?
Vo dialogue played  after end node reached(fixed? in resetgame from end room events reset player pos before load room)
game broke at a node (door 3) (fixed?) if not look back into showNextHall() in Node Manager NOT FIXED

Ambrose Piambo
kinda laggy
assuming i can't go that way (red door) so I'll go the other way
Dang she tricked me.
(Green gas) oh god, oh god, well yolo
So I choose the right door and didn't get congradulated so im choose the wrong door  next time
i really like VO and the voice acting

Bug:Same insult in a row.
I turned around to see if there was something hidden back there but there wasn't
ok Dona's learning what doors I go through

Bug: After go through end node vo dialogue does not turn off
Bug: after go through door 2 game broke
Bugish: Random Generate hallway when there are fewer better. getting 0 and then then same hallway a lot
I like how baren it is and Vo is the only way to get information.
but why do i have to go through so many gates. are some of them just gates?
if i listen to her she's only telling me to go through door number 1

Let you choose your save click on it. instead of type your name.
Save click noise sounds odd

did not hit the end scene

<-------------------------------------------> 
Kody Fike**
likes Vo, the design
1 meter wall what is it for?
do you like cake or cookies (laughs) it's funny
good dialogue
at the endings .. what? that was random (was given food and flowers - neutral ending)
i like the explanation of the gates and how you go through them
Bug: Dona dialogue repeated (go talk to Vo)
Bug: Vo talked after end room with money hit with out touching collider, talked after neutral ending.
I like how dona talks after door picked its very smart sounding
end node where you repeat the game have no teleporting, have a way to walk to the new thing. OR make visual teleportation.
instead of red have a close door thing
Not muc replay-ability just going through door, after door, after door

Kevin Garcia
Audio cuts off when vo is saying mr banks likes donna better at the end of it.
make sure to hard reset player chars position at the end of a room.
^ pressing escape a lot  at the end node while fading makes you stuck in end node room
if pause while standing on Vo it will bug out and continue to spink, then reseting is weird
BUG: Bed does not show up on second new start game.
AFter 3 play throughs don't feel like playing again.
I can't imagin her with a body form
ctrl = crouch?
you can really tell when shes evil, not so much when she's good/happy
But: spawned items are getting stuck on roof/in roof
During Dialogue be able to do something to keep me interacting not just listening
d


Karl
Options menus seem odd: the slide bar seems like it should go across the text area
nice loading screen
sensitivity of mouse is high on start
wish I could pause during talk/dialogue
green feels like it should only let you go through once always
i like the aesthetics, good portl-esc feel
some audio feels like there is no emotion
ctrl = crouch? shift run -> eh?
pause menu sometimes/oftenish blinks when you open it.
Rouge Ai = Dona
"I'm sorry I'm talking this way, I truly care about your safety" I don't understand this statement
nice to have dialogue while doing something
More variety in how choose to disobey, not just doors.
^ "Please move calm and quick..." I should be able to not move and she comments
Green doors dialogue : Wait so are each piece in betweeen green just individual pieces
has on psyche she hasn't tried to do anyhting yet.
no collision detection, now it's back? guess it didn't do anything
she's evil i don't care what intent she has.(Dona)
Her commentary is kinda hilarious sometimes (Are you deaf)
Vo is now looping audio
somehting bigger should have happened by now
Dona tell you at end node what button is, if you should or should not push it.
She was being nice, i went through wrong door, she said she had to trick me? now she's not being nice? i dont get it
End scene after green gas -> wait i thought i was dead? am i Vo?
I want to skip the opening now that I've heard it
Not muc replay-ability just going through door, after door, after door.
Need more variety
Bug:Jumppy bug in middle of room possible to be the end node trigger button, somehow still affecting palyer.
No change from Neutral to Happy sound-wise. I want a change.
doesn't seem there is a right or wrong path. no cociquence really, no incentive to do right except being a pawn
More feedback if you fail or do what she says
reward for following commands.

If just using doors, make game shorter than default

Look up stup about atominity GameTheory youtube. I don't feel like my actions do anything.

---------------------------------------------
Emmerson Shafer

good intro dialgoue just short enough to get across info
Dona is a bit quite
ooh i can't go back
pause between audios for Vo there should be a pause for Donas waiting for you
keep wanting to go back but i can't
Improvement: mirror rooms with doors just have a copy.
		adds a feel of control
		right now feels really linear
		could mirror where there is a decision
		mirror some hallways, mirror path selection
didn't know what button would do. felt traped. if i died or ending game wouldn't like that.
i liked it but i didn't like the button, felt i had no control. have like a warning do not press button, then i feel like i want to.
I want a choice to press the button, I feel like this game is about choice but i had no choice to press the button or not.
I really like Vo and her voice and her character
dont let Vo's audio loop, at the end of Vo's dialogue make game end. when it loops i lose interest
felt like Dona knew what i was doing
felt to long, maximum should be the length i just payed
min length should be half audio 1 play to end node, second half audio for the 2ne play to end node, then end.
Felt immediatly that Dona was learning what I do, I felt I couldn't trick her. (good thing)
relaly felt a good story-line as long as Vo was giving more dialogue I really enjoyed the game.



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Things to do:
****
Improvements : 
mirror rooms with doors just have a copy.
		adds a feel of control
		right now feels really linear
		could mirror where there is a decision
		mirror some hallways, mirror path selection
only let Vo's room show up a certain amount of times so that dialogue NEVER loops
		change random hallways so that 0th room only shows up some of the time.	
get rid of green doors that don't do anyhting in middle of hallway
green feels like it should only let you go through once always
have pop up of random do/do not push button at end node
reduce game length a little?
Make resolution only allow certain values
Raise volume of end audio files, DONA dialogue
subtitles for dialogue?
Add intro scene that tells the beginning dialogue
		have Jake be narator
		
Fixed: (Tested)
Sound Manager crashes game
mouse icon not showing up when it needs to
Dona dialogue repeating
Vo dialogue repeating
Random hallway generation messed up
pause menu sometimes/oftenish blinks when you open it.
Bed does not show up on second new start game.
spawned items are getting stuck on roof/in roof
^ pressing escape a lot  at the end node while fading makes you stuck in end node room
if pause while standing on Vo it will bug out and continue to spin, then reseting is weird

Fixed NOT TESTED:

BUGs: 


