Playtest session 2 notes

DAY 1
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Carver Anglin (1st Timer)
intro cinema, 
	felt boring just walking down path
	felt like the same stuff all around me maybe more diversity
	story is good
	audio felt like a few parts were a little messed up
game
 That was kinda a weird ending all the sudden I'm somewhere else.	
 No visible sign that Vo has actually shut down
 if you walk partially through a door and then back it will close. you can get stuck
 
Cut scene ending:
felt awakward that I couldn't look around during that scene
un natural long pause after she was gone untill I could move



Bryce Ellsworth (1st Timer)

intro cinema:
interesting, hard to hear voice
end of it, fade out manually to main menu


game:
I'm confused I pushed the button two different times and got the same result. (neutral)
The halls all look the same, idk if I've ever hit an end or not.
This time I got cookies 

End scene:
felt abrupt

General: (Bryce & Carver)
it was a, did I actually hit an ending? I don't know
I didn't know if I was making progress, rooms being so similar
I felt like I was in a loop
didn't like when I herd Dona say the same thing
	no variation in audio for tricking you or comments
		cookies cake better
two buttons should have a 100% showing of difference that occurred.
	perhaps button can change end node type?
don't like wall texture
I like overall voice, but not repetitiveness
like overall concept
like narrative, but i don't like the inability to do stuff while they are talking.
I would like to hear the narritive as I am walking.
didn't feel like there was a ton of feedback to player as i was moving along, some way to clarify what is happening.
Maybe dont let Dona talk normal dialogue every time so less looping
	add more audio(good job your getting there, your moving forward)


Clayton Zaugg (1st Timer)
Intro cinema
Hard turns smooth them out it would be much better fine tuned
Have button main menu go away if not moving mouse
Subtitles for scene

 Game
Laughs at audio (good) intro with VO
Cake or cookies better audio repeated
I wonder if I have to do this the "right" way to pass this game like Mario?

 End scene


General
Loved VO!
Dissapointed  didn't get to go into world like intro at the end of game
Really enjoyed
Wish there was a run button
Sluggish wanted to go faster, run
additions
A walk way with maybe with a pit
Have Vo walk a path to show you where to go or you fall to your death
		

Kendrick Kiggins (2nd Timer)
		
intro cinema
	increase volume of audio/add subtitles
	camera turns are abrupt

game
	i like how the textures are set up, feels like a testing area
	smooth transion between normal dialogue VO and Donas waiting for you part
	Dona learns really quickly I like it, really intelligent
	Aww she's mean (fell to death), I like it
	I see not very talk -ative now
	I really like the voice acting
	Vo your awesome
	Like the character design
	Vo seems very "human" i guess
	oh wow shes'(dona) getting mad at me now
	DAAANG (audio: maybe your not as dumb as i thought you were)
	Oh does Vo not talk unless you go up to her, that's cool, I just instictivly go up to her
	I don't think (dona) she likes me very much
	laughing and smiling while playin the game

End scene
	Did i just sign humanities death warrant?
	
General
	game looks nice
	well though out
	didn't really find any bugs
	just some polish on cinematic
	
		
		
		
Karl Tompson (2nd Timer)
intro cinema
	take away cursor and button (just have a fade out of the end, if user clicks play should just make them watch it)
	nice to have indications of what is being talked about, pictures about audio. people, places, stuff, etc
	
game
		oh camera no longer clips
		you are just on fire, sounds like it should only show up after you've done her commands neumerous of times
		oh she already said something other than 1, that's a change of pace
		having two options at the end makes the game so much better
		Bug: door locked but it's green? feels like a bug
		--The further along you got, give indications that you are getting closer to the end.
2nd play
		wow shes trying to trick me after the first door that's harsh
				Addition: Start at either good, evil, or neutral and have her first intro audio indicate how she feels.
		Bug: randomly character jumps up and down in the room, maybe it's the invisible button some how?
		
		
end scene
	
	
Genral:
	Show that the place is 100% a program.
		use idea of changing furniture in room passage based on donna's feelings.?
	Add Pattern: I use the pattern follow, not follow, follow, not follow and I trick her.
	
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------		
			
Fixs to Do:

	smooth out camera turn on Intro Cinemma
	Make sure that when saving you are saving out the least amount of data (BE EFFICIENT)
	Bug: if you walk partially through a door and then back it will close. you can get stuck
	
	
	Wish there was a run button
	Show that the place is 100% a program.
		use idea of changing furniture in room passage based on donna's feelings.?
	Make talking/dialogue occur while you are walking, so you're not just standing there idling.
	Subtitles?
	In Intro Cinema it would be nice to have indications of what is being talked about, pictures about audio. people, places, stuff, etc
	
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Playtest with Jamie's kid -- Collin -- (1st timer)

So it's a brain test is what I'm gathering.
What did it say, I didn't hear that
(is going through the doors DONA says to every time)
Got falling animation. (Maybe is going against DONA? the paused button he was supposed to by sign directions)
I like the dialogue
I like how to doors turn red when you need to stop
I like how the one robot tells you about the other robot
DONA normal dialogue repeated.
I like how green doors are transparent
The hallways keep curving in the same way
The robot keeps talking about stuff and it self
texture makes it look like your in a scientific place
I like diversity in praise
He is following DONa but when he picks "correct" button he is getting bad ending.(BUG)
I really liked it was a good game.

---------------------------------------------
Playtest Matthew Johnson (1st timer)

enjoyed the game.
	
